# Ruby MD SSG

## Overview
Ruby MD SSG is a minimal static site generator based off of markdown files.

## Dependencies
This project should have minimal dependencies. No package.json or javascript package manager should be necessary.

## Organization
The markdown files reside in the `docs/` directory.
They shall be converted into static pages and retain the path / directory structure that exists in `docs/`.

For example, `docs/index.md` will map to a page at `/`, and `docs/ideas/government.md` will map to a page at `/ideas/government` path.

## Layout
The template will be two columns. The left column will have a heading and subtext. Below that will be a menu with links to every article. The menu will be organized with a heading for each of the nested paths. The menu is generated from a yaml configuration. The yaml configuration is generated by a bin file, based off of the files in the docs/ directory. The initial configuration is alphabetical, but may be reordered manually.

## Build
There is a `bin/` directory for executables. These executables can be bash or ruby. There should be an executable that compiles the site to a `build/` directory (after purging it). There should be an executable for running a webserver of the `build/` directory.
The build step should also emit a `sitemap.xml` file in `build/`.

## Styling
All of the styles for this project should be in a single stylesheet.

## Interactivity
All of the JS for this project should be in a single file.

## Testing
All of the tests for this project should be in a top level `test/` directory.
